Goal:
I would like to do my project around CloudFormation. I would like to install the LAMP package on my instances using CloudFormation. First I will need to design a template with the resources I will be using, then when that is complete it will create a stack, once that it complete I will be checking my instances if it responds accordingly. I also want to work with CloudFormation and explore the different tools that are available. I will test if the instance can connect to a mysql installation. To test my template, I will be using TastCat that AWS has recommended. This will help me determine if my template is good enough for my application and will help me debug some of my problems. 

Effects on user population/user support issues:
I think my project’s main effect on it’s user population will be beneficial because it is such a powerful and flexible tool. It can help prevent errors as well as automate certain commands. This makes user support issues easier to manage because you can just update and deploy your revised json file and the changes will be made on all platforms it is deployed on. 

Security:
I think this helps with security issues because I feel like human error contributes to many security problems. By using CloudFormation templates, I will be able to test and ensure in advance that it works correctly. Following this procedure, I am minimizing the chance for human error during deployments to production systems. Using CloudFormation, I will be able to perform the first deployment, re-deploy if necessary, and revert changes if an error occurs. This makes the error catching and security issue response time as efficient as possible. 

Maintenance:
It will also be easier to maintain for future use because all I would have to edit is the template and re-deploy it and it will be up-to-date in all environments. With this project, I want to minimize the work the user will have to do when connecting to their instances.

Documentation:
As a system administrator, I will just have to debug and analyze my template, configure the things I want to deploy to all my applications/instances, and re-deploy. This will help lessen the load of work needed to do for the system administrator as well as consolidate my resources and dependencies in one place. For the user community, the goal is when I deploy my work, everything will be updated when they log into their system that I deploy it in.
